README.md, before:

# ansible-role-apache24

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/systemli/ansible-role-apache24.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/systemli/ansible-role-apache24) [![Ansible Galaxy](http://img.shields.io/badge/ansible--galaxy-apache24-blue.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/systemli/apache24/)

Install and configure Apache 2.4

## Role Variables

```
apache24_packages:
  - apache2
  - apache2-utils
  - python-passlib

apache24_http_port: 80
apache24_https_port: 443
# port or ip:port
apache24_additional_ports: []

# set default mutex in apache2.conf
# will be compilbed to (apache2.conf.j2):
# Mutex file:${APACHE_LOCK_DIR} default
apache24_mutex_default: "file:${APACHE_LOCK_DIR}"

apache24_custom_modules:
  - deflate.conf
  - expires.conf
  - headers.conf
  - status.conf
  - userdir.conf

apache24_custom_configs:
  - security.conf
  - other-vhosts-access-log.conf
  - httpoxy.conf

apache24_modules:
  - actions
  - alias
  - auth_basic
  - authn_file
  - authz_groupfile
  - authz_host
  - authz_user
  - autoindex
  - cache
  - cgid
  - deflate
  - dir
  - env
  - expires
  - headers
  - mime
  - negotiation
  - proxy
  - proxy_http
  - proxy_wstunnel
  - reqtimeout
  - rewrite
  - setenvif
  - ssl
  - status
  - authz_host
  - filter
  - cache_disk
  - socache_shmcb

apache24_modules_extra: []

apache24_disabled_modules: []

apache24_mpm_worker: True
apache24_mpm_startservers: 2
apache24_mpm_serverlimit: 16
apache24_mpm_minsparethreads: 25
apache24_mpm_maxsparethreads: 75
apache24_mpm_threadlimit: 64
apache24_mpm_threadperchild: 25
apache24_mpm_max_clients: 150
apache24_mpm_maxrequestworkers: 1000
apache24_mpm_maxconnectionsperchild: 0

# source https://weakdh.org/sysadmin.html
apache24_ssl_cipher_suite: ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:DHE-DSS-AES128-GCM-SHA256:kEDH+AESGCM:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA:DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256:DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA:DHE-DSS-AES128-SHA256:DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256:DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA:DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA:AES128-GCM-SHA256:AES256-GCM-SHA384:AES128-SHA256:AES256-SHA256:AES128-SHA:AES256-SHA:AES:CAMELLIA:DES-CBC3-SHA:!aNULL:!eNULL:!EXPORT:!DES:!RC4:!MD5:!PSK:!aECDH:!EDH-DSS-DES-CBC3-SHA:!EDH-RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA:!KRB5-DES-CBC3-SHA
```

## Download

Download latest release with `ansible-galaxy`

$ ansible-galaxy install systemli.apache24

## Example Playbook

```
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: systemli.apache24 }
```

## License

GPL

## Author Information

https://www.systemli.org

Commit message:

Added molecule as test environment

README.md, after:

# ansible-role-apache24

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/systemli/ansible-role-apache24.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/systemli/ansible-role-apache24) [![Ansible Galaxy](http://img.shields.io/badge/ansible--galaxy-apache24-blue.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/systemli/apache24/)

Install and configure Apache 2.4

## Role Variables

```
apache24_packages:
  - apache2
  - apache2-utils
  - python-passlib

apache24_http_port: 80
apache24_https_port: 443
# port or ip:port
apache24_additional_ports: []

# set default mutex in apache2.conf
# will be compilbed to (apache2.conf.j2):
# Mutex file:${APACHE_LOCK_DIR} default
apache24_mutex_default: "file:${APACHE_LOCK_DIR}"

apache24_custom_modules:
  - deflate.conf
  - expires.conf
  - headers.conf
  - status.conf
  - userdir.conf

apache24_custom_configs:
  - security.conf
  - other-vhosts-access-log.conf
  - httpoxy.conf

apache24_modules:
  - actions
  - alias
  - auth_basic
  - authn_file
  - authz_groupfile
  - authz_host
  - authz_user
  - autoindex
  - cache
  - cgid
  - deflate
  - dir
  - env
  - expires
  - headers
  - mime
  - negotiation
  - proxy
  - proxy_http
  - proxy_wstunnel
  - reqtimeout
  - rewrite
  - setenvif
  - ssl
  - status
  - authz_host
  - filter
  - cache_disk
  - socache_shmcb

apache24_modules_extra: []

apache24_disabled_modules: []

apache24_mpm_worker: True
apache24_mpm_startservers: 2
apache24_mpm_serverlimit: 16
apache24_mpm_minsparethreads: 25
apache24_mpm_maxsparethreads: 75
apache24_mpm_threadlimit: 64
apache24_mpm_threadperchild: 25
apache24_mpm_max_clients: 150
apache24_mpm_maxrequestworkers: 1000
apache24_mpm_maxconnectionsperchild: 0

# source https://weakdh.org/sysadmin.html
apache24_ssl_cipher_suite: ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:DHE-DSS-AES128-GCM-SHA256:kEDH+AESGCM:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA:DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256:DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA:DHE-DSS-AES128-SHA256:DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256:DHE-DSS-AES256-SHA:DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA:AES128-GCM-SHA256:AES256-GCM-SHA384:AES128-SHA256:AES256-SHA256:AES128-SHA:AES256-SHA:AES:CAMELLIA:DES-CBC3-SHA:!aNULL:!eNULL:!EXPORT:!DES:!RC4:!MD5:!PSK:!aECDH:!EDH-DSS-DES-CBC3-SHA:!EDH-RSA-DES-CBC3-SHA:!KRB5-DES-CBC3-SHA
```

## Download

Download latest release with `ansible-galaxy`

$ ansible-galaxy install systemli.apache24

## Example Playbook

```
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - { role: systemli.apache24 }
```

Testing & Development
---------------------

Tests
-----

For developing and testing the role we use Travis CI, Molecule and Vagrant. On the local environment you can easily test the role with

Run local tests with:

```
molecule test 
```

Requires Molecule, Vagrant and `python-vagrant` to be installed.For developing and testing the role we use Travis CI, Molecule and Vagrant. On the local environment you can easily test the role with

## License

GPL

## Author Information

https://www.systemli.org
